THE
FREEDMEN’S MISSIONS AID SOCIETY.

ee ee
President—EARL OF SHAFTESBURY, K.G,
Treasurer—Hon. ARTHUR KINNAIRD, M.P.

Ffon. Secretaries.
Rey, 2D, BEVAN, UE. B: | Rev. HENRY JONES, M.A.

Secretaries.
Rey, OF te WEED Hs. | REy. J. GWYNNE JONES.

——$—

Ir seems fitting that this Society—whose distin-
guished president, the Earl of Shaftesbury, with
the Executive Committee, gave the Jubilee Singers
their first introduction to Great Britain, welcomed
them on their second coming, and started them on
their brilliant career—should have some place and
record in this volume, which contains the story of
their noble success in the kingdom.

The Society was organised in the year 1872, on a
broad catholic basis, with the purpose to follow the
leadings of the Divine Providence in helping the
education of the emancipated slaves of the United
States as teachers and missionaries to the African
race. And thus far the blessing of God has been
manifestly upon this work. We have great reason
for gratitude when we recall the way in which we
have been led, and the generous friends that have
come to our aid in the great work given us to do.
The effort to evangelise Africa by the educated
Christian Freedmen of America must commend itself
to all thoughtful minds, A native agency is the

 
